     BECOMING A HUNTER BLOODBOUND ...
     AS A LEVEL 1 CHARACTER
     • Gain all the traits in the Core Hunter Bloodbound Traits table.
     • Gain the Hunter Bloodbound's level 1 features, which are listed in the Hunter Bloodbound
     Features table.

     LEVEL 1: BLOOD FRENZY
     You can imbue yourself with a primal power called Blood Frenzy, a force that grants you
     extraordinary might and resilience. You can enter it as a Bonus Action if you aren't wearing Heavy
     armor.
     You can enter your Blood Frenzy the number of times shown for your Hunter Bloodbound level in
     the Blood Frenzys column of the Hunter Bloodbound Features table. You regain one expended
     use when you nish a Short Rest, and you regain all expended uses when you nish a Long Rest.
     While active, your Blood Frenzy follows the rules below.
     Damage Resistance. You have Resistance to Blud-
     geoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
     Blood Frenzy Damage. When you make an attack using Strength-with either a weapon or an
     Unarmed Strike and deal damage to the target, you gain a bonus to the damage that increases as
     you gain levels as a Hunter Bloodbound, as shown in the Blood Frenzy Damage column of the
     Hunter Bloodbound Features table.
     Strength Advantage. You have Advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.
     Duration. The Blood Frenzy lasts until the end of your next turn, and it ends early if you don
     Heavy armor or have the Incapacitated condition. If your Blood Frenzy is still active on your next
     turn, you can extend the Blood Frenzy for another round by doing one of the following:
     • Make an attack roll against an enemy.
     • Force an enemy to make a saving throw.
     • Take a Bonus Action to extend your Blood Frenzy.
     Each time the Blood Frenzy is extended, it lasts until the end of your next turn.

     LEVEL 1: FRENZIED BUT SANE
     You can spend one Blood Frenzy to not su er Madness from using the power of a Transformation
     one time.

     LEVEL 2: DANGER SENSE
     You gain an uncanny sense of when things aren't as they should be, giving you an edge when you
     dodge perils. You have Advantage on Dexterity saving throws unless you have the Incapacitated
     condition.

     LEVEL 2: RECKLESS ATTACK
     You can throw aside all concern for defense to attack with increased ferocity. When you make
     your rst attack roll on your turn, you can decide to attack recklessly. Doing so gives you
     Advantage on attack rolls using Strength until the start of your next turn, but attack rolls against
     you have Advantage during that time.

     LEVEL 3: HUNTER BLOODBOUND SUBCLASS
     You gain a Hunter Bloodbound subclass of your choice. The Path of the Berserker and the Path of
     the Blood Drunk subclasses are detailed after this class's description. A subclass is a
     specialization that grants you features at certain Hunter Bloodbound levels.

     LEVEL 4: ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
     You gain the Ability Score Improvement feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for
     which you qualify. You gain this feature again at Hunter Bloodbound levels 8, 12, and 16.

     LEVEL 5: EXTRA ATTACK
     You can attack twice instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.

     LEVEL 7: INSTINCTIVE POUNCE
     As part of the Bonus Action you take to enter your Blood Frenzy, you can move up to half your
     Speed.




                                                                           fi
                                     ff
        fi
fi
LEVEL 9: BRUTAL STRIKE
If you use Reckless Attack, you can forgo any Advantage on one Strength-based attack roll of
your choice on your turn. The chosen attack roll mustn't have Disadvantage. If the chosen attack
roll hits, the target takes an extra 1d10 damage of the same type dealt by the weapon or Unarmed
Strike, and you can cause one Brutal Strike e ect of your choice.
You have the following e ect options.
Forceful Blow. The target is pushed 15 feet straight away from you. You can then move up to half
your Speed straight toward the target without provoking Opportunity Attacks.
Hamstring Blow. The target's Speed is reduced by 15 feet until the start of your next turn. A
target can be a ected by only one Hamstring Blow at a time-the most recent one.


LEVEL 11: RELENTLESS BLOOD FRENZY
Your Blood Frenzy can keep you ghting despite grievous wounds. If you drop to 0 Hit Points
while your Blood Frenzy is active and don't die outright, you can make a DC
10 Constitution saving throw. If you succeed, your Hit Points instead change to a number equal to
twice your Hunter Bloodbound level.
Each time you use this feature after the rst, the DC increases by 5. When you nish a Short or
Long Rest, the DC resets to 10.

LEVEL 12: WEAPON MASTERY
Your training with weapons allows you to use the mastery properties of two kinds of Simple or
Martial Melee weapons of your choice. Whenever you nish a Long Rest, you can practice
weapon drills and change one of those weapon choices.

LEVEL 13: IMPROVED BRUTAL STRIKE
You have honed new ways to attack furiously. The following e ects are now among your Brutal
Strike options.
Staggering Blow. The target has Disadvantage on the next saving throw it makes, and it can't
make Opportunity Attacks until the start of your next
turn.
Sundering Blow. Before the start of your next turn, the next attack roll made by another creature
against the target gains a +5 bonus to the roll. An attack roll can gain only one Sundering Blow
bonus.

LEVEL 15: PERSISTENT BLOOD FRENZY
When you roll Initiative, you can regain all expended uses of Blood Frenzy. After you regain uses
of Blood Frenzy in this way, you can't do so again until you nish a Long Rest.
In addition, your Blood Frenzy is so erce that it now lasts without you needing to do anything to
extend it from round to round. Your Blood Frenzy ends early if you have the Unconscious
condition (not just the Incapacitated condition) or don Heavy armor.

LEVEL 17: IMPROVED BRUTAL STRIKE
The extra damage of your Brutal Strike increases to 2d10. In addition, you can use two di erent
Brutal Strike e ects whenever you use your Brutal Strike feature.

LEVEL 18: INDOMITABLE MIGHT
If your total for a Strength check or Strength saving throw is less than your Strength score, you
can use that score in place of the total.

LEVEL 19: EPIC BOON
You gain an Epic Boon feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for which you qualify.

LEVEL 20: PRIMAL CHAMPION
You embody primal power. Your Strength and Constitution scores increase by 4, to a maximum of
25.




                                                                               ff
                                                                    fi
                                                      ff
                                                 fi
                                           fi
                                     ff
                                fi
                           fi
                      fi
             ff
       ff
  ff
PATH OF THE BERSERKER
Channel Blood Frenzy into Violent Fury

Hunter Bloodbounds who walk the Path of the Berserker direct their Blood Frenzy primarily
toward violence. Their path is one of untrammeled fury, and they thrill in the chaos of battle as
they allow their Blood Frenzy to seize and empower them.

LEVEL 3: FRENZY
If you use Reckless Attack while your Blood Frenzy is active, you deal extra damage to the rst
target you hit on your turn with a Strength-based attack. To determine the extra damage, roll a
number of d6s equal to your Blood Frenzy Damage bonus, and add them together.
The damage has the same type as the weapon or
Unarmed Strike used for the attack.

LEVEL 6: MINDLESS BLOOD FRENZY
You have Immunity to the Charmed and Frightened conditions while your Blood Frenzy is active. If
you're Charmed or Frightened when you enter your Blood Frenzy, the condition ends on you.

LEVEL 10: RETALIATION
When you take damage from a creature that is within 5 feet of you, you can take a Reaction to
make one melee attack against that creature, using a weapon or an Unarmed Strike.

LEVEL 14: INTIMIDATING PRESENCE
As a Bonus Action, you can strike terror into others with your menacing presence and primal
power.
When you do so, each creature of your choice in a
30-foot Emanation originating from you must make a Wisdom saving throw (DC 8 plus your
Strength modi er and Pro ciency Bonus). On a failed save, a creature has the Frightened
condition for 10 rounds. At the end of each of the Frightened creature's turns, the creature
repeats the save, ending the e ect on itself on a success.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you nish a Long Rest unless you expend a
use of your Blood Frenzy (no action required) to restore your use of it.



PATH OF THE BLOOD DRUNK
Channel the power of the old blood

Text.

LEVEL 3: FURTHER FRENZIED BUT SANE
You can spend one Blood Frenzy to not su er Madness from using the power of a Transformation
two times while its active.

LEVEL 6: EMBRACE THE FORM
At Transform level 1 you may spend one Blood Frenzy to instead decide for yourself the roll of the
d20.

LEVEL 10: ABSOLUTE HARMONY
You can spend one Blood Frenzy to not su er Madness from using the power of a Transformation
three times while its active.

LEVEL 14: ONE FORM
You gain one transformation of your choice permanently, except the Lost Transformation.
While using this transformation, or any other transformation, you no longer su er Madness from
using transformations.
If you roll for a transformation and the result is your chosen permanent transformation, you
instead gain the Rare Transformation. You only gain the Rare Transformation this way if you roll
the result. If another feature lets you choose a transformation instead of rolling, you cannot
choose the Rare Transformation.




                                                                                  fi
                                                                    ff
                                               fi
                                ff
                                ff
                   ff
              fi
  fi
     Rare Transformation. The Rare Transformation is not always active. You can activate it during
     combat by spending 1 use of Blood Frenzy. It lasts for 3 rounds before disappearing.
     When activated, your body mutates into an inhuman form. Your original arms elongate and twist
     into monstrous limbs, while two additional arms burst from your torso, leaving you with a total of
     four arms. Your legs stretch and contort with violent, unnatural force. You su er 6 Madness.
     While transformed in this way, you gain the following bene ts:

     Otherworldly Speed. Your movement speed increases by 15 feet, and creatures cannot make
     Opportunity Attacks against you.
     Otherworldly Power. When you take the Attack action, you can only make Unarmed Strikes, and
     those Unarmed Strikes can only be used to deal damage. You cannot use them to grapple or
     shove.
     Your Unarmed Strikes use Strength for the attack roll and damage roll. On a hit, they deal 4d12
     piercing or bludgeoning damage, your choice for each attack, + your Strength modi er.
     When you hit a creature with one of these Unarmed Strikes, you may divide the damage equally
     between the target and one other creature within your reach, rounding down.
     This damage cannot be increased by feats, weapon properties, class features, or other similar
     e ects. However, if you have the Extra Attack feature, you may still make additional Unarmed
     Strikes as part of the same Attack action.
     Otherworldly Retaliation. While this transformation is active, when a creature within your melee
     reach deals melee damage to you, you can use your reaction to lash out with your mutated limbs.
     The creature takes 1d12 piercing damage + your Strength modi er.




                                                    fi
ff                                                       fi           ff      fi
