     BECOMING A HUNTER BRUTE ...

     AS A LEVEL 1 CHARACTER
     • Gain all the traits in the Core Hunter Brute Traits table.
     • Gain the Hunter Brute’s level 1 features, which are listed in the Hunter Brute Features table.

     FIGHTER CLASS FEATURES
     As a Fighter, you gain the following class features when you reach the speci ed Fighter levels.
     These features are listed on the Fighter Features table.


     LEVEL 1: FIGHTING STYLE
     You have honed your martial prowess and gain a Fighting Style feat of your choice (see chapter
     4). Whenever you gain a Fighter level, you can replace the feat you chose with a di erent Fighting
     Style feat.

     LEVEL 1: WEAPON MASTERY
     Your training with weapons allows you to use the mastery properties of three kinds of Simple or
     Martial weapons of your choice. Whenever you nish a Long Rest, you can practice weapon drills
     and change one of those weapon choices.
     When you reach certain Fighter levels, you gain the ability to use the mastery properties of more
     kinds of weapons, as shown in the Weapon Mastery column of the Hunter Brute Features table.


     LEVEL 2: ACTION SURGE
     You can push yourself beyond your normal limits for a moment. On your turn, you can take one
     additional action.
     Once you use this feature, you can't do so again until you nish a Short or Long Rest. Starting at
     level 17, you can use it twice before a rest but only once on a turn.

     LEVEL 2: REFUSE THE BLEEDING
     When you take damage, you may use your reaction and expend one use of Refuse the Bleeding
     to reduce the incoming damage by 1d10 + your Hunter Brute level.
     You regain one expended use when you nish a short rest, and you regain all expended uses
     when you nish a long rest.

     LEVEL 3: HUNTER BRUTE SUBCLASS
     You gain a Hunter Brute subclass of your choice. The Battle Master or the Champion subclasses
     are detailed after this class's description. A subclass is a specialization that grants you features at
     certain Hunter Brute levels.

     LEVEL 4: ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
     You gain the Ability Score Improvement feat (see chapter 5) or another feat of your choice for
     which you qualify. You gain this feature again at Hunter Brute levels 6, 8, 12, 14, and 16.

     LEVEL 5: EXTRA ATTACK
     You can attack twice instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.

     LEVEL 9: WAR MASTER
     When you attack with a weapon whose mastery property you can use, you can replace that
     property with the Push, Sap, or Slow property for that attack.

     LEVEL 11: TWO EXTRA ATTACKS
     You can attack three times instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.

     LEVEL 13: STUDIED ATTACKS
     You study your opponents and learn from each attack you make. If you make an attack roll
     against a creature and miss, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature
     before the end of your next turn.




                                                                               ff
                                                                        fi
                                                      fi
                                          fi
                                   fi
fi
               LEVEL 19: EPIC BOON
               You gain an Epic Boon feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for which you quality.

               LEVEL 20: THREE EXTRA ATTACKS
               You can attack four times instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.




               HUNTER BRUTE SUBCLASSES
               A Hunter Brute subclass is a specialization that grants you features at certain Hunter Brute levels,
               as speci ed in the subclass. This section presents the Battle Master and Champion subclasses.

               BATTLE MASTER
               Master Sophisticated Battle Maneuvers

               Battle Masters are students of the art of battle. The most accomplished Battle Masters are well-
               rounded gures who use their carefully honed combat skills.

               LEVEL 3: COMBAT SUPERIORITY
               Your experience on the battle eld has re ned your ghting techniques. You learn maneuvers that
               are fueled by special dice called Superiority Dice.

               Maneuvers. You learn three maneuvers of your choice from the "Maneuver Options" section later
               in this subclass's description. Many maneuvers enhance an attack in some way. You can use only
               one maneuver per attack.
               You learn two additional maneuvers of your choice when you reach Hunter Brute levels 7, 10, and
               15.
               Each time you learn new maneuvers, you can also replace one maneuver you know with a
               di erent one.
               Superiority Dice. You have four Superiority Dice, which are d8s. A Superiority Die is expended
               when you use it. You regain all expended Superiority Dice when you nish a Short or Long Rest.
               You gain an additional Superiority Die when you reach Hunter Brute levels 7 ( ve dice total) and 15
               (six dice total).
               Saving Throws. If a maneuver requires a saving throw, the DC equals 8 plus your Strength or
               Dexterity modi er (your choice) and Pro ciency Bonus.

               LEVEL 7: STUDENT OF WAR
               You gain pro ciency in one skill of your choice from the skills available to Hunter Brutes at level 1.

               LEVEL 10: IMPROVED COMBAT SUPERIORITY
               Your Superiority Die becomes a d10.

               LEVEL 15: RELENTLESS
               Once per turn, when you use a maneuver, you can roll 1d8 and use the number rolled instead of
               expending a Superiority Die.

               LEVEL 18: ULTIMATE COMBAT SUPERIORITY
               Your Superiority Die becomes a d12.

               MANEUVER OPTIONS
               The maneuvers are presented here in alphabetical order.
               Bait and Switch. When you're within 5 feet of a creature on your turn, you can expend one
               Superiority Die and switch places with that creature, provided you spend at least 5 feet of
               movement and the creature is willing and doesn't have the Incapacitated condition. This
               movement doesn't provoke Opportunity Attacks.
               Roll the Superiority Die. Until the start of your next turn, you or the other creature (your choice)
               gains a bonus to AC equal to the number rolled.




                                                                                    fi
                                                                           fi
                                                        fi
                                                 fi
                                            fi
                                 fi
                     fi
                fi
          fi
     fi
ff
Disarming Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority
Die to attempt to disarm the target. Add the Superiority Die roll to the attack's damage roll. The
target must succeed on a Strength saving throw or drop one object of your choice that it's
holding, with the object landing in its space.
Distracting Strike. When you hit a creature with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority
Die to distract the target. Add the Superiority Die roll to the attack's damage roll. The next attack
roll against the target by an attacker other than you has Advantage if the attack is made before
the start of your next turn.
Evasive Footwork. As a Bonus Action, you can expend one Superiority Die and take the
Disengage action. You also roll the die and add the number rolled to your AC until the start of your
next turn.
Feinting Attack. As a Bonus Action, you can expend one Superiority Die to feint, choosing one
creature within 5 feet of yourself as your target.
You have Advantage on your next attack roll against that target this turn. If that attack hits, add
the Superiority Die to the attack's damage roll.
Goading Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority Die
to attempt to goad the target into attacking you. Add the Superiority Die to the attack's damage
roll. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or have Disadvantage on attack rolls
against targets other than you until the end of your next turn.
Lunging Attack. As a Bonus Action, you can expend one Superiority Die and take the Dash
action. If you move at least 5 feet in a straight line immediately before hitting with a melee attack
as part of the Attack action on this turn, you can add the Superiority Die to the attack's damage
roll.
Maneuvering Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority
Die to maneuver one of your comrades into another position. Add the Superiority Die roll to the
attack's damage roll, and choose a willing creature who can see or hear you. That creature can
use its Reaction to move up to half its Speed without provoking an Opportunity Attack from the
target of your attack.
Menacing Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority
Die to attempt to frighten the target. Add the Superiority Die to the attack's damage roll. The
target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or have the Frightened condition until the end of
your next turn.
Precision Attack. When you miss with an attack roll, you can expend one Superiority Die, roll that
die, and add it to the attack roll, potentially causing the attack to hit.
Pushing Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using a weapon or an Unarmed
Strike, you can expend one Superiority Die to attempt to drive the target back. Add the
Superiority Die to the attack's damage roll. If the target is Large or smaller, it must succeed on a
Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 15 feet directly away from you.
Riposte. When a creature misses you with a melee attack roll, you can take a Reaction and
expend one Superiority Die to make a melee attack roll with a weapon or an Unarmed Strike
against the creature. If you hit, add the Superiority Die to the attack's damage.
Sweeping Attack. When you hit a creature with a melee attack roll using a weapon or an
Unarmed Strike, you can expend one Superiority Die to attempt to damage another creature.
Choose another creature within 5 feet of the original target and within your reach. If the original
attack roll would hit the second creature, it takes damage equal to the number you roll on your
Superiority Die. The damage is of the same type dealt by the original attack.
Trip Attack. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using a weapon or an Unarmed Strike, you
can expend one Superiority Die and add the die to the attack's damage roll. If the target is Large
or smaller, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or have the Prone condition.




CHAMPION
Pursue Physical Excellence in Combat
A Champion focuses on the development of martial prowess in a relentless pursuit of victory.
Champions combine rigorous training with physical excellence to deal devastating blows,
withstand peril, and garner glory. Even in a bloody battle, Champions strive for the crown of the
victor.

LEVEL 3: IMPROVED CRITICAL
Your attack rolls with weapons and Unarmed
Strikes can score a Critical Hit on a roll of 19 or 20 on the d20.

LEVEL 7: ADDITIONAL FIGHTING STYLE
You gain another Fighting Style feat of your choice.

LEVEL 10: FEROCIOUS WARRIOR
The thrill of battle drives you toward victory. During combat, you can give yourself Blood Tinge
whenever you start your turn without it.

LEVEL 15: SUPERIOR CRITICAL
Your attack rolls with weapons and Unarmed Strikes can now score a Critical Hit on a roll of 18-20
on the d20.

LEVEL 18: SURVIVOR
You attain the pinnacle of resilience in battle, giving you these bene ts.
Defy Death. You have Advantage on Death Saving Throws. Moreover, when you roll 18-20 on a
Death Saving Throw, you gain the bene t of rolling a 20 on it.
Feral Rally. At the start of each of your turns, you regain Hit Points equal to 5 plus your
Constitution modi er if you are Bloodied and have at least 1
Hit Point.




                                                          fi
                             fi
      fi
