     DETECT ELDRITCH PRESENCE
     Level 1

     Type: Detection Rite
     Performing: Action
     Range: Self
     Duration: Concentration, up to 20 rounds

     For the duration, you sense eldritch presence if any, within 30 feet of you. If you sense such a
     presence, you can take the Rite Action to learn its direction and approximate distance: Close,
     Away, or Far.
     If the presence is Close and was created by a Rite, you also learn the Rite’s type.



     ELDRITCH EYE
     Level 1

     Type: Detection Rite
     Performing: Three Actions
     Range: Self
     Duration: Concentration, up to 20 rounds

     You call upon a Patron that sees through distance, esh, and stone. Choose one creature on the
     same plane of existence as you. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw, modi ed by how
     well you know the target and what physical connection you have to it. The target does not know
     what is watching it, only that something vast and unseen has turned its attention toward it.

     Your Knowledge of the Target Is ...                 Save Modi er

     Secondhand (heard of the target)                    +5
     Firsthand (met the target)                          +0
     Extensive (know the target well)                    -5

     You Have the Target's ...                           Save Modi er

     Picture or other likeness                           -2
     Garment or other possession                         -4
     Body part, lock of hair, or bit of nail             -10

     On a successful save, the target is not a ected, and you can't perform this Rite on it again until
     after a Long Rest.
     On a failed save, the Patron opens an invisible, intangible eye within 10 feet of the target. For the
     duration, you can see and hear through the eye as if you were there. The eye moves with the
     target, remaining within 10 feet of it. If a creature can see the eye, it appears as a pale luminous
     orb about the size of your st.




                                                                                 fi
                                               fl
                                   ff
                    fi
fi
fi
     TRUE SEEING
     Level 6

     Type: Detection Rite
     Performing: Action
     Range: Touch
     Duration: 20 rounds

     You call upon a Patron that will show you what mortal eyes were never meant to witness. For the
     duration, one willing creature you touch has Truesight with a range of 120 feet. The creature also
     su ers 1 Madness.




ff
