     MINOR ILLUSION
     Whisper

     Type: Illusion Rite
     Performing: Action
     Range: 30 feet
     Duration: 10 rounds

     A patron will make a sound or an image of an object within range that lasts for the duration. See
     the descriptions below for the e ects of each. The illusion ends if you perform this rite again.
     If a creature takes a Study action to examine the sound or image, the creature can determine that
     it is an illusion with a successful Intelligence (Investigation) check against your rites save DC. If a
     creature discerns the illusion for what it is, the illusion becomes faint to the creature.
     Sound. If you create a sound, its volume can range from a whisper to a scream. It can be your
     voice, someone else's voice, a roar, a beating of a heart, or any other sound you choose. The
     sound continues unabated throughout the duration, or you can make discrete sounds at di erent
     times before the spell ends.
     Image. If you create an image of an object-such as a chair, muddy footprints, or a small chest-it
     must be no larger than a 5-foot Cube. The image can't create sound, light, smell, or any other
     sensory e ect. Physical interaction with the image reveals it to be an illusion, since things can
     pass through it.



     SHATTERED REFLECTION
     Level 2

     Type: Illusion Rite
     Performing: Action
     Range: Self
     Duration: 10 rounds

     You call upon a Patron of fractured sight, causing three illusory duplicates of yourself to appear in
     your space. Until the Rite ends, the duplicates move with you and mimic your actions, shifting
     constantly so it is impossible to know which image is real.
     Each time a creature hits you with an attack roll during the Rite's duration, roll a d6 for each
     duplicate you have remaining. If any of the d6s roll a 3 or higher, one duplicate is hit instead of
     you, and that duplicate is destroyed.
     The duplicates ignore all other damage and e ects. The Rite ends early when all three duplicates
     are destroyed.
     A creature is una ected by this Rite if it has the Blinded condition, Blindsight, or Truesight.




                                                                                        ff
                                        ff
                          ff
          ff
ff
