BECOMING A HUNTER SCOUT...

AS A LEVEL 1 CHARACTER
• Gain all the traits in the Core Hunter Scout Traits table.
• Gain the Hunter Scout’s level 1 features, which are listed in the Ranger Features table.

HUNTER SCOUT CLASS FEATURES
As a Hunter Scout, you gain the following class features when you reach the speci ed Hunter
Scout levels. These features are listed in the Hunter Scout Features table.

LEVEL 1: HUNTERS MARK
You can mark a creature with the Hunters Mark.
You can make four marks, and you regain all expended uses of this ability when you nish a Long
Rest.
The number of times you can make a mark increases when you reach certain Hunter Scout levels,
as shown in the Hunters Mark column of the Hunter Scout Features table.

HUNTER'S MARK
Use: Bonus Action
Range: 90 feet

You mark one creature you can see within range as your quarry. Until the mark ends, you deal an
extra 1d6 damage to the target whenever you hit it with an attack roll. You also have Advantage
on any Wisdom (Perception or Survival) check you make to nd it.
If the target drops to 0 Hit Points before the Mark ends, you can take a Bonus Action to move the
mark to a new creature you can see within range.

You can only mark one creature at a time. If you spend a Hunters Mark while another mark is
active, the old mark disappears. If you take damage, you must succeed on a Constitution saving
throw to maintain the Hunters Mark. The DC equals 10 or half the damage taken (round down),
whichever number is higher, up to a maximum DC of 30. Your Hunters Mark ends if you have the
Incapacitated condition or you die.


LEVEL 1: WEAPON MASTERY
Your training with weapons allows you to use the mastery properties of two kinds of weapons of
your choice with which you have pro ciency.
Whenever you nish a Long Rest, you can change the kinds of weapons you chose.

LEVEL 2: EXPERTiSE
Choose one of your skill pro ciencies with which you lack Expertise. You gain Expertise in that
skill.

LEVEL 2: FIGHTING STYLE
You gain a Fighting Style feat of your choice (see chapter 4).

LEVEL 3: HUNTER SCOUT SUBCLASS
You gain a Hunter Scout subclass of your choice. The Beast Caller and the Marksman subclasses
are detailed after this class's description. A subclass is a specialization that grants you features at
certain Hunter Scout levels.

LEVEL 4: ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
You gain the Ability Score Improvement feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for
which you qualify. You gain this feature again at Hunter Scout levels 8, 12, and 16.

LEVEL 5: EXTRA ATTACK
You can attack twice instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.




                                                                               fi
                                                                          fi
                                                  fi
                          fi
                 fi
   fi
     LEVEL 6: ROVING
     Your Speed increases by 10 feet while you aren't wearing Heavy armor. You also have a Climb
     Speed and a Swim Speed equal to your Speed.

     LEVEL 9: EXPERTISE
     Choose two of your skill pro ciencies with which you lack Expertise. You gain Expertise in those
     skills.

     LEVEL 10: TIRELESS
     Primal forces now help fuel you on your journeys, granting you the following bene ts.
     Temporary Hit Points. As an action, you can give yourself a number of Temporary Hit Points
     equal to 1d8 plus your Wisdom modi er (minimum of 1). You can use this action a number of
     times equal to your Wisdom modi er (minimum of once), and you regain all expended uses when
     you nish a Long Rest.
     Decrease Exhaustion. Whenever you nish a Short Rest, your Exhaustion level, if any, decreases
     by 1.

     LEVEL 13: RELENTLESS HUNTER
     Taking damage can't remove your Hunter's Mark.

     LEVEL 17: PRECISE HUNTER
     You have Advantage on attack rolls against the creature currently marked by your Hunter's Mark.

     LEVEL 18: FERAL SENSES
     Your instincts gives you Blindsight with a range of 30 feet.

     LEVEL 19: EPIC BOON
     You gain an Epic Boon feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for which you qualify.

     LEVEL 20: FOE SLAYER
     The damage die of your Hunter's Mark is a d10 rather than a d6.



     HUNTER SCOUT SUBCLASSES
     A Hunter Scout subclass is a specialization that grants you features at certain Hunter Scout
     levels, as speci ed in the subclass. This section presents the Beast Caller and the Marksman
     subclasses.

     BEAST CALLER
     Call on a beast from beyond time.

     A Beast Caller forms a mystical bond with a special beast, through old knowledge signing a
     contract drawing on mysterious forces from the unknown.

     LEVEL 3: PACT WITH A BEAST
     You call upon a timeless beast, and through the Pact you form with it, the beast draws
     upon your strength for better and for worse. See the stat block: Hound of Tindalos.
     The beast is Friendly to you and your allies and obeys your commands. It vanishes if
     you die. It also vanishes if it drops to 0 Hit Points or when its stated task is done.
     Summoning the Beast. You can take an action to expend a Hunters Mark to summon
     the beast. The Hound of Tindalos manifest in an unoccupied space that you can see
     within range of 90 feet. The beast will only show up to complete a specific task,
     either to defeat your foes during combat or something else. The reason for you to call
     upon it must be stated beforehand.




                                                                            fi
                                     fi
                                fi
                           fi
                      fi
        fi
fi
     The Beast in Combat. In combat, the beast acts during your turn. It can move and use
     its Reaction on its own, but the only action it takes is the Dodge action to avoid
     danger, unless you take a Bonus Action to command it to take an action in its stat
     block or some other action. You can also sacrifice one of your attacks when you take
     the Attack action to command the beast to take the Beast's Strike action. If you have
     the Incapacitated condition, the beast acts on its own and isn't limited to the Dodge
     action.


          Hound of Tindalos

                           MOD   SAVE                      MOD        SAVE              MOD   SAVE


            STR   14       +2    +2        DEX   18        +3         +3     CON   16   +3    +3


            INT   4        -3    -3        WIS   14        +2         +2     CHA   5    -3    -3



          Medium Beast, Natural

          AC 13 plus your Wisdom modi er
          HP 5 plus ve times your Hunter Scout level
          Speed 40 ft., Climb 40 ft.
          Senses Darkvision 60 ft.; Passive Perception 12
          CR None (XP 0; PB equals your Pro ciency Bonus)

          Traits
          Pact. Add your Pro ciency Bonus to any ability
          check or saving throw the beast makes. If the beast
          reaches 0 Hit Points, you need to make a Grit
          Saving Throw DC 16. If you succeed nothing
          happens. If you fail loose Hit Points equals to 1d10
          + your Hunter Scout level + your Wisdom modi er
          and suffer 4 Madness.

          Actions
          Beast’s Feral Strike. Melee Attack Roll: Bonus
          equals your Wisdom modi er + your Pro ciency
          Bonus, reach 5 ft. Hit: 2d6 + 2 + your Wisdom
          modi er Slashing damage. If the beast moved at
          least 20 feet straight toward the target before the
          hit, the target takes an extra 1d6 damage of
          Slashing damage, and the target has the Prone
          condition if it is a Large or smaller creature.




                                                                              fi
                                                                 fi
                                                      fi
                                            fi
                                      fi
                      fi
     fi
fi
     LEVEL 7: DEEPENED PACT
     When you take a Bonus Action to command your summoned Hound of Tindalos to take an action,
     you can also command it to take the Dash, Disengage, Dodge, or Help action using its Bonus
     Action. In addition, whenever it hits with an attack roll and deals damage, it can deal your choice
     of either Psychic, Bludgeoning or Piercing damage, or its normal damage type.

     LEVEL 11: THE BEASTS BRUTALITY
     When you command your summoned Hound of Tindalos to take the Beast’s Feral Strike action,
     the beast can use it twice. In addition, the rst time each turn it hits a creature under the e ect of
     your Hunters Mark, the beast deals extra Piercing damage equal to the Hunters Mark’s bonus
     damage.

     LEVEL 15: ABSOLUTE PACT
     Your summoned Hound of Tindalos now gains the Final Carnage action. You can now command
     your summoned Hound of Tindalos to make an nal attack. The Final Carnage action uses the
     Beast’s Feral Strike action four times. If you command your summoned Hound of Tindalos to take
     the Final Carnage action, the beast Hit Points will reach 0 at the end of the attack.




     MARKSMAN
     You specialize in long-ranged rearms and close-quarters punishment, forcing enemies to fear
     both the distance between you and the mistake of closing it.

     Whether you unleash a storm of bullets or deliver a single shot with surgical cruelty, your ri e
     becomes an extension of your will. In your hands, rearms are not merely weapons, but
     instruments of execution, sending foes into eternal sleep before they can raise a blade.


     LEVEL 3: DEADLY RIFLEMAN
     If you are using a Hunters Ri e, it now changes to Trained Hunters Ri e.
     Trained Hunters             Damage: 1d12             Properties:       Mastery: Slow                Weight: 10 lb.
     Ri e                        Piercing                 Ammunition (Range
                                                          150/600; Bullet)
                                                          Two-Handed

     If you are using a Pistol, it now changes to Trained Pistol.
     Trained Pistol              Damage: 1d10             Properties:           Mastery: Vex             Weight: 3 lb.
                                 Piercing                 Ammunition (Range
                                                          30/90; Bullet) Light,
                                                          Loading

     LEVEL 3: HUNTER'S PREY
     You gain one of the following feature options of your choice. Whenever you nish a Short or Long
     Rest, you can replace the chosen option with the other one.
     Colossus Slayer. Your tenacity can wear down even the most resilient foes. When you hit a
     creature with a weapon, the weapon deals an extra 1d8 damage to the target if it's missing any of
     its Hit Points. You can deal this extra damage only once per turn.
     Horde Breaker. Once on each of your turns when you make an attack with a weapon, you can
     make another attack with the same weapon against a di erent creature that is within 5 feet of the
     original target, that is within the weapon's range, and that you haven't attacked this turn.

     LEVEL 7: ELITE RIFLEMAN




                                                                                                    fl
                                                                                               ff
                                                                                   fi
                                                                            fl
                                                              ff
                                                     fi
                                                fi
                                         fi
                            fi
                       fl
fl
Before making an attack roll with your Trained Hunter’s Ri e, you may spend 1 Hunter’s Mark to
gain mastery with that ri e for the attack if you do not already have it. When you do so, you may
also replace the ri e’s mastery property for that shot with one of the following: Topple, Sap, or
Push. The chosen mastery applies only to that attack.


LEVEL 11: SUPERIOR HUNTER'S PREY
Once per turn when you deal damage to a creature marked by your Hunter's Mark, you can also
deal that marks extra damage to a di erent creature that you can see within 30 feet of the rst
creature.

LEVEL 15: DEATHMARK RIFLEMAN
Gain the two following bene ts.
Deathmark Shot. After you hit with an Attack Roll using your Trained Hunter’s Ri e, you may
spend 1 Hunter’s Mark to turn the shot into a Deathmark Shot. Roll the attack’s damage once,
then apply that same damage up to three times.
You may apply all three instances of damage to the original target, or divide them among the
original target and other creatures within the ri e’s normal range.

Point-Blank Retort. When a creature within your pistol’s range deals melee damage to you, you
may use your reaction and spend 1 Hunter’s Mark to immediately draw your pistol and make one
pistol attack against that creature.




                                                                               fi
                                                                     fl
                                              fl
                                  fl
                         ff
                 fi
            fl
      fl
