               BECOMING A HUNTER STALKER ...

               AS A LEVEL 1 CHARACTER
               • Gain all the traits in the Core Hunter Stalker Traits table.
               • Gain the Hunter Stalker's level 1 features, which are listed in the Hunter Stalker Features table.

               LEVEL 1: EXPERTISE
               You gain Expertise in two of your skill pro ciencies of your choice. At Hunter Stalker level 6, you
               gain Expertise in two more of your skill pro ciencies of your choice.

               LEVEL 1: SNEAK ATTACK
               You know how to strike subtly and exploit a foe's distraction. Once per turn, you can deal an extra
               1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack roll if you have Advantage on the roll and the
               attack uses a Finesse or a Ranged weapon. The extra damage's type is the same as the
               weapon's type.
               You don't need Advantage on the attack roll if at least one of your allies is within 5 feet of the
               target, the ally doesn't have the Incapacitated condition, and you don't have Disadvantage on the
               attack roll.
               The extra damage increases as you gain Hunter Stalker levels, as shown in the Sneak Attack
               column of the Hunter Stalker Features table.


               LEVEL 2: WEAPON MASTERY
               Your training with weapons allows you to use the mastery properties of two kinds of weapons of
               your choice with which you have pro ciency.
               Whenever you nish a Long Rest, you can change the kinds of weapons you chose.

               LEVEL 2: CUNNING ACTION
               Your quick thinking and agility allow you to move and act quickly. On your turn, you can take one
               of the following actions as a Bonus Action: Dash, Disengage, or Hide.

               LEVEL 3: HUNTER STALKER SUBCLASS
               You gain a Hunter Stalker subclass of your choice. The Assassin or the Thief subclasses are
               detailed after this class's description. A subclass is a specialization that grants you features at
               certain Hunter Stalker levels.

               LEVEL 3: STEADY AIM
               As a Bonus Action, you give yourself Advantage on your next attack roll on the current turn. You
               can use this feature only if you haven't moved during this turn, and after you use it, your Speed is
               O until the end of the current turn.

               LEVEL 4: ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
               You gain the Ability Score Improvement feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for
               which you qualify. You gain this feature again at Hunter Stalker levels 8, 10, 12, and 16.

               LEVEL 5: CUNNING STRIKE
               You've developed cunning ways to use your Sneak Attack. When you deal Sneak Attack damage,
               you can add one of the following Cunning Strike e ects.
               Each e ect has a die cost, which is the number of Sneak Attack damage dice you must forgo to
               add the e ect. You remove the die before rolling, and the e ect occurs immediately after the
               attack's damage is dealt. For example, if you add the Poison e ect, remove 1d6 from the Sneak
               Attack's damage before rolling.
               If a Cunning Strike e ect requires a saving throw, the DC equals 8 plus your Dexterity modi er
               and Pro ciency Bonus.
               Poison (Cost: 1d6). You add a toxin to your strike, forcing the target to make a Constitution
               saving throw. On a failed save, the target has the Poisoned condition for 1 minute. At the end of
               each of its turns, the Poisoned target repeats the save, ending the e ect on itself on a success.
               To use this e ect, you must have a Poisoner's Kit on your person.
               Trip (Cost: 1d6). If the target is Large or smaller, it must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or
               have the Prone condition.




                                         fi
                          ff
                     fi
                ff
          ff
     fi
ff                                            fi        ff      ff   ff   ff                      fi
                                                   fi
      Withdraw (Cost: 1d6). Immediately after the at-tack, you move up to half your Speed without
      provoking Opportunity Attacks.

      LEVEL 7: EVASION
      You can nimbly dodge out of the way of certain dangers. When you're subjected to an e ect that
      allows you to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, you instead take no
      damage if you succeed on the saving throw and only half damage if you fail. You can't use this
      feature if you have the Incapacitated condition.

      LEVEL 7: RELIABLE TALENT
      Whenever you make an ability check that uses one of your skill or tool pro ciencies, you can treat
      a d20 roll of 9 or lower as a 10.

      LEVEL 11: IMPROVED CUNNING STRIKE
      You can use up to two Cunning Strike e ects when you deal Sneak Attack damage, paying the
      die cost for each e ect.

      LEVEL 14: DEVIOUS STRIKES
      You've practiced new ways to use your Sneak Attack deviously. The following e ects are now
      among your Cunning Strike options.
      Daze (Cost: 2d6). The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw, or on its next turn, it
      can do only one of the following: move or take an action or a Bonus Action.
      Knock Out (Cost: 6d6). The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw, or it has the
      Unconscious condition for 1 minute or until it takes any damage. The Unconscious target repeats
      the save at the end of each of its turns, ending the e ect on itself on a success.
      Obscure (Cost: 3d6). The target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw, or it has the Blinded
      condition until the end of its next turn.


      LEVEL 15: SLIPPERY MIND
      Your cunning mind is exceptionally di cult to con-trol. You gain pro ciency in Wisdom and
      Charisma saving throws.

      LEVEL 18: ELUSIVE
      You're so evasive that attackers rarely gain the upper hand against you. No attack roll can have
      Advantage against you unless you have the Incapacitated condition.

      LEVEL 19: EPIC BOON
      You gain an Epic Boon feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for which you quality.

      LEVEL 20: STROKE OF LUCK
      You have a marvelous knack for succeeding when you need to. If you fail a D20 Test, you can turn
      the roll into a 20.
      Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you nish a Short or Long Rest.



      ASSASSIN
      Practice the Grim Art of Death

      An Assassin's training focuses on using stealth, poison, and disguise to eliminate foes with deadly
      e ciency. While some Hunter Stalkers who follow this path are hired killers, spies, or bounty
      hunters, the capabilities of this subclass are equally useful for adventurers facing a variety of
      monstrous enemies.


      LEVEL 3: ASSASSINATE
      You're adept at ambushing a target, granting you the following bene ts.
      Initiative. You have Advantage on Initiative rolls.




                                                                                   ff
                                                                             ff
                                                                        fi
                                                                   fi
                                                              fi
                                                     fi
                                               ff
                                      ff
                                ffi
             ff
ffi
     Surprising Strikes. During the rst round of each combat, you have Advantage on attack rolls
     against any creature that hasn't taken a turn. If your Sneak Attack hits any target during that
     round, the target takes extra damage of the weapon's type equal to your Hunter Stalker level.

     LEVEL 9: INFILTRATION EXPERTISE
     You are expert at the following techniques that aid your in ltrations.
     Masterful Mimicry. You can unerringly mimic another person’s speech, handwriting, or both. To
     mimic a person’s speech, you must have heard them speak and spent 1 action studying their
     voice. To mimic a person’s handwriting, you must have seen their writing and spent 1 action
     studying it.
     Roving Aim. Your Speed isn't reduced to 0 by using Steady Aim.

     LEVEL 13: ENVENOM WEAPONS
     When you use the Poison option of your Cunning Strike, the target also takes 2d6 Poison damage
     whenever it fails the saving throw. This damage ignores Resistance to Poison damage.

     LEVEL 17: DEATH STRIKE
     When you hit with your Sneak Attack on the rst round of a combat, the target must succeed on a
     Constitution saving throw (DC 8 plus your Dexterity modi er and Pro ciency Bonus), or the attack
     s damage is doubled against the target.



     SHADOW
     Hunt for Treasure as a Classic Adventurer

     A mix of burglar, treasure hunter, and explorer, you are the epitome of an adventurer. In addition to
     improving your agility and stealth, you gain abilities useful for delving into ruins and getting
     maximum bene t from the magic items you nd there.

     LEVEL 3: FAST HANDS
     As a Bonus Action, you can do one of the following.
     Sleight of Hand. Make a Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check to pick a lock or disarm a trap with
     Thieves' Tools or to pick a pocket.

     Use an Object. Take the Utilize action.

     LEVEL 3: SECOND-STORY WORK
     You've trained to get into especially hard-to-reach places, granting you these bene ts.
     Climber. You gain a Climb Speed equal to your Speed.
     Jumper. You can determine your jump distance using your Dexterity rather than your Strength.

     LEVEL 9: SUPREME SNEAK
     You gain the following Cunning Strike option.
     Stealth Attack (Cost: 1d6). If you have the Hide action's Invisible condition, this attack doesn't
     end that condition on you if you end the turn behind Three-Quarters Cover or Total Cover.

     LEVEL 13: CLOAK OF SHADOWS
     As a Bonus Action, you can give yourself the Invisible condition until the end of your next turn.
     You can use this feature a number of times equal to your Wisdom modi er (minimum of once),
     and you regain all expended uses when you nish a Long Rest.

     LEVEL 17: SHADOWBRINGER
     You are adept at laying ambushes and quickly escaping danger. You can take two turns during the
      rst round of any combat. You take your rst turn at your normal Initiative and your second turn at
     your Initiative minus 10.




                                                                              fi
                                                                    fi
                                                               fi
                                                        fi
                                                   fi
                                             fi
                                             fi
                                   fi
                         fi
         fi
fi                                      fi
