          BECOMING A HUNTER WARDEN ...

          AS A LEVEL 1 CHARACTER
          • Gain all the traits in the Core Hunter Warden Traits table.
          • Gain the Hunter Warden's level 1 features, which are listed in the Hunter Warden Features table.

          LEVEL 1: BANDS DIRECTIVE
          You read the battle eld with a commander’s eye, identifying openings, weaknesses, and moments
          of hesitation. Through sharp orders and tactical insight, you rally your hunter band and guide
          them toward decisive action.
          This command is represented by your Bands Directive die, which is a d6.
          Using Bands Directive. As a Bonus Action, you can choose one creature other than yourself
          within 60 feet of you that can see or hear you. That creature gains one of your Bands Directive
          dice.
          A creature can have only one Bands Directive die at a time.
          Once, when the creature fails a d20 Test, it can roll the Bands Directive die and add the number
          rolled to the d20, potentially turning the failure into a success.
          The Bands Directive die is expended when it is rolled or after a long or short rest.
          Number of Uses. You can grant a Bands Directive die a number of times equal to your Wisdom
          modi er, minimum of once. You regain all expended uses when you nish a Long Rest.
          At Higher Levels. Your Bands Directive die changes when you reach certain Hunter Warden
          levels, as shown in the Bands Directive Die column of the Hunter Warden Features table.
          The die becomes a d8 at level 5, a d10 at level 10, and a d12 at level 15.

          LEVEL 1: FEEL YOUR ENEMY
          As a Bonus Action, you can discern certain strengths of a creature you can see within 30 feet of
          yourself; you can tell the creatures Challenge Rating (CR) or Level (Lvl.) Once you use this feature,
          you can't do so again until you nish a Short Rest or Long Rest. You can also restore a use of the
          feature by expending one Bands Directive die (no action required).

          LEVEL 2: TACTICAL MIND
          You have a mind for tactics on and o the battle eld. When you fail an ability check, you can
          expend a use tactical mind to push yourself toward success. Rather than giving a Bands Directive
          die to a player you can roll it yourself and add the number rolled to the ability check, potentially
          turning it into a success. The Bands Directive die is expended when it is rolled.

          LEVEL 2: EXPERTISE
          You gain Expertise (see the rules glossary) in two of your skill pro ciencies of your choice.
          Performance and Persuasion are recommended if you have pro ciency in them.
          At Hunter Warden level 9, you gain Expertise in two more of your skill pro ciencies of your choice.

          LEVEL 2: EXPERIENCE
          You can add half your Pro ciency Bonus (round down) to any ability check you make that uses a
          skill pro ciency you lack and that doesn't otherwise use your Pro ciency Bonus.
          For example, if you make a Strength (Athletics) check and lack Athletics pro ciency, you can add
          half your Pro ciency Bonus to the check.

          LEVEL 3: HUNTER WARDEN SUBCLASS
          You gain a Hunter Warden subclass of your choice. The Commander or the Warbringer
          subclasses are detailed after this class's description. A subclass is a specialization that grants
          you features at certain Hunter Warden levels.

          LEVEL 4: ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
          You gain the Ability Score Improvement feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for
          which you qualify. You gain this feature again at Hunter Warden levels 8, 12, and 16.

          LEVEL 5: EFFECTIVENESS
          You now regain all your expended uses of Bands Directive when you nish a Short or Long Rest.
          In addition, you now have uses of Bands Directive die equal to your Wisdom modi er x 2




                                                                                                  fi
                                                                                             fi
                                                                                        fi
                                                                                   fi
                                                                              fi
                                                                         fi
                                                                    fi
                                                               fi
                                               fi
                                    ff
                              fi
                        fi
                 fi
           fi
     fi
fi
     LEVEL 7: KNOW YOUR ENEMY
     As a Bonus Action, you can discern certain strengths and weaknesses of a creature you can see
     within 30 feet of yourself; you know whether that creature has any Immunities, Resistances, or
     Vulnerabilities, and if the creature has any, you know what they are.
     Once you use this feature, you can't do so again until you nish a Long Rest. You can also restore
     a use of the feature by expending one Bands Directive die (no action required).

     LEVEL 7: COUNTER
     You have seen it all before. You know how to disrupt mind-in uencing e ects. If you or a creature
     within 30 feet of you fails a saving throw against an e ect that applies the Charmed or Frightened
     condition, you can take a Reaction to cause the save to be rerolled, and the new roll has
     Advantage.

     LEVELE 9: INDOMITABLE
     If you fail a saving throw, you can reroll it with a bonus equal to your Hunter Warden level. You
     must use the new roll, and you can't use this feature again until you nish a Long Rest.You can
     use this feature twice before a Long Rest starting at level 13 and three times before a Long Rest
     starting at level 17.

     LEVEL 10: WEAPON MASTERY
     Your training with weapons allows you to use the mastery properties of three kinds of Simple or
     Martial Melee weapons of your choice. Whenever you nish a Long Rest, you can practice
     weapon drills and change one of those weapon choices.

     LEVEL 11: SUPERIOR EFFECTIVENESS
     You now have uses of Bands Directive die equal to your Wisdom modi er x 3

     LEVEL 13: EXPECT YOUR ENEMY
     As a Bonus Action, you can discern what a creature you can see within 30 feet of yourself indents
     to do on its next turn; your DM has to tell you (if able) what the creature intends to do on its turn
     including rst movement and rst action if any. If the creature intends to use an action the DM
     also has to tell you (if able) all available info about that speci c rst action. Once you use this
     feature, you can't do so again until you nish a Long Rest. You can also restore a use of the
     feature by expending one Bands Directive die (no action required).

     LEVEL 15: CALM BAND
     During a short or long rest you and the other creatures that has a Bands Directive die may roll that
     die in addition to their Sanity die.

     LEVEL 18: SUPERIOR DIRECTIVE
     When you roll Initiative, you regain expended uses of Bands Directive until you have two if you
     have fewer than that.

     LEVEL 19: EPIC BOON
     You gain an Epic Boon feat (see chapter 4) or another feat of your choice for which you qualify.

     LEVEL 20: PRESENCE OF POWER
     You very presence can be overwhelming. You have mastered words that rings with power in your
     enemies ears: as an action you can expand a Bands Directive die to command a creature within
     30ft of you that can hear and see you to forfeit their next turn. This can not be used on the same
     creature twice.




                                                                                       ff
                                                                                  fi
                                                                             fi
                                                                        fi
                                                                   fl
                                                              fi
                                                         fi
                                                    fi
                                               ff
                                 fi
                       fi
fi
     COMMANDER
     Text

     Text.

     LEVEL 3: STUDIED ENEMY
     You can spend an action to study your opponents and learn from each attack they make. One
     creature other than yourself within 60 feet of you that can see or hear you will have Advantage on
     their next attack roll against another creature before the start of your next turn.

     LEVEL 6: BAND COMMANDER
     Primal forces now help fuel you on your journeys, granting you the following bene ts.
     Commander's Strike. When you take the Attack action on your turn, you can replace one of your
     attacks to direct one of your companions to strike.
     When you do so, choose a willing creature who can see or hear you and expend one Bands
     Directive Die. That creature can immediately use its Reaction to make one attack with a weapon
     or an Unarmed Strike, adding the Bands Directive Die to the attack’s damage roll on a hit.
     Commanding Presence. As a Bonus Action you can spend a Bands Directive Die to give another
     creature within 30 feet of yourself who can see or hear you Blood Tinge.
     Rally. As a Bonus Action, you can expend one Bands Directive Die to bolster the resolve of a
     companion.
     Choose an ally of yours within 30 feet of yourself who can see or hear you. That creature gains
     Temporary Hit Points equal to the Bands Directive Die roll plus half your Hunter Warden level
     (round down).

     LEVEL 14: MASTER THE ENEMY
     As an action, you can spend one Band’s Directive die to study an enemy and reveal a fatal
     opening in its defenses.
     Choose one creature other than yourself within 60 feet of you that can see or hear you. The rst
     time that creature makes an attack roll before the start of your next turn, a roll of 14 or higher on
     the d20 counts as a 20.




     WARBRINGER
     Text.

     Text.

     LEVEL 3: COMBAT INSPIRATION
     You can use your wit to turn the tide of battle. A creature that has a Bands Directive die from you
     can use it for one of the following e ects.
     Defense. When the creature is hit by an attack roll, that creature can use its Reaction to roll the
     Bands Directive die and add the number rolled to its AC against that attack, potentially causing
     the attack to miss.
     O ense. Immediately after the creature hits a target with an attack roll, the creature can roll the
     Bands Directive die and add the number rolled to the attack's damage against the target.

     LEVEL 6: EXTRA ATTACK
     You can attack twice instead of once whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.

     LEVEL 14: WAR CHANT




                                                                                         fi
                                                                              fi
                             ff
ff
When a creature that has a Band’s Directive die from you takes the Attack action on its turn, it can
expend that die to make one additional attack as part of the same action.
This additional attack is made in addition to any attacks granted by Extra Attack or similar
features.
